    (NaturalNews) While the media continues to spew emotionally charged tirades about how the anti-vaccination "movement" allegedly triggered the recent measles outbreak that health authorities believe started at Disneyland, actual science suggests that the most likely cause of this insanely overblown outbreak was a person who was recently vaccinated.
Numerous published studies reveal how live-virus vaccines like MMR (measles, mumps and rubella) actually shed these diseases for many weeks or even months following vaccination, potentially infecting others, both vaccinated and unvaccinated. This means that any child who was recently given an MMR vaccine is a walking disease-spreader, a truth that the media is refusing to report as even just a possibility in this case.
The fact that vaccinated individuals can and do carry around contagious measles for many weeks while displaying no symptoms of the disease suggests that this latest outbreak might just be another example of a vaccine-strain outbreak. While a handful of the roughly 100 measles cases identified so far have tested out as wild genotype B3 measles, according to the latest reports, the original source of the outbreak has yet to be identified.
"Numerous scientific studies indicate that children who receive a live virus vaccination can shed the disease and infect others for weeks or even months afterwards," said Leslie Manookian, a documentary filmmaker and activist. "Thus, parents who vaccinate their children can indeed put others at risk."
A fairly recent example of this occurred in New York City during a measles outbreak that was documented in 2011. A twice-vaccinated individual -- that is, an individual who received two separate doses of MMR in accordance with U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommendations -- was found to have spread measles to multiple individuals.
Nearly two decades ago, the CDC itself came to this same disturbing conclusion in a study published in the Journal of Clinical Microbiology. Urine samples collected from newly vaccinated 15-month-old children as well as young adults revealed that nearly all of them had detectable levels of the measles virus inside their bodies, meaning they are the real contagion threat.
"In some cases, measles virus RNA was detected as early as 1 day or as late as 14 days after the children were vaccinated," explains the study about the unpredictability of the vaccine-transmitted virus.
 There's still so much that's unknown about the current outbreak, including where and how it actually started, that it's painfully obvious the media has a sinister agenda. The unvaccinated are the easiest scapegoats, because they're a minority (and they contradict the official story), so they're the ones being tagged as the instigators in supposedly "bringing back" this disease.
Measles has been around forever, even since the MMR vaccine was introduced, and outbreaks are quite common among both the vaccinated and the unvaccinated. In many cases, those who succumb to the disease are those who were already vaccinated, developing the condition either from the vaccine itself or from others who received the vaccine. A 2014 report published by the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) has this to say about who the real instigators of disease outbreaks typically are.
According to GlobalResearch.org, the report openly states "that the most highly vaccinated populations are also those with the greatest number of outbreaks for those same infectious diseases. This was especially the case for measles, mumps, rubella, polio and pertussis outbreaks."
Oh, but vaccines only work when most everyone is vaccinated because of a magical concept known as "herd immunity," right? Not so fast. The Office of Medical and Scientific Justice (OMSJ), having thoroughly analyzed the conclusions presented in the CFR report, determined that even the CFR isn't convinced that herd immunity is a scientifically legitimate concept.
According to Global Research, the OMSJ concluded that given "the repeated incidences of infectious outbreaks in populations with 94% or more vaccine compliance [the alleged threshold when herd immunity is activated], and the emergence of new viral strains, the concept of herd immunity should be forgotten.
"The Office offers several possibilities to explain the report: 1) vaccines are increasingly becoming ineffective and causing 'immune dysfunction,' and 2) 'vaccine antigen responses' may be reprogramming viruses while weakening the immune systems of the most vaccinated individuals."
Don't expect to hear any of this from propaganda outlets like CNN, Fox and USA Today, which are preying on the weak-minded in order to advance the sentiment that unvaccinated people are a threat -- or worse, a societal scourge. If anything, the exact opposite is true when considering published science, which shows that vaccinated people are the biggest threats.
"Health officials should require a two-week quarantine of all children and adults who receive vaccinations," contends Sally Fallon Morell, president of the Weston A. Price Foundation (WAPF). "This is the minimum amount of time required to prevent transmission of infectious diseases to the rest of the population, including individuals who have been previously vaccinated."
Sources for this article include:
A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users.
