 (NaturalNews) The Disneyland measles outbreak has America in a panic -- a fact that's totally out of proportion to reality given that so far only 644 people have even caught the measles across the country during the entire year of 2014 vs. the 100,000+ Americans who die every year from the side effects of prescription medications. (The Disneyland outbreak, at least count, was just 39 people.)
Nevertheless, lots of parents are asking the question, "Should I get my children vaccinated against the measles?" I'm going to try to give you the most rational answer here regardless of whether you're pro-vaccine or opposed to vaccines on principle. But first, realize that the one-dimensional advice from the conventional media and health authorities is stupidly incomplete: "Everybody get vaccinated!"
Can measles vaccines work to protect against measles? Absolutely they can in some people, but they are not without their own risks as you'll see below. Despite the way I have been deliberately mis-characterized by others, I am not opposed to the theory of immunization. In fact, I'm the author of "A Blueprint for Safer Vaccines" which argues for the creation of clean vaccines formulated without toxic ingredients used today such as mercury, MSG, aluminum and formaldehyde, all of which the CDC openly admits are still used in vaccines today.
The vaccine industry (along with the mainstream media) dishonestly positions vaccines as offering 100% protection with 0% risk. That's a lie. My job is to help you navigate the health propaganda so that you can make an informed decision about the possible risks vs. possible benefits.
The most important thing you can do when considering any vaccine is READ THE VACCINE INSERT!
You'd be astonished to learn what's printed on the vaccine insert because it's totally different from what the media tells you about vaccines. Never allow your children to be injected with a vaccine without requesting the vaccine insert which must be provided to patients by law. (Bring a magnifying glass, because the insert is written in very small text, probably to make it unreadable.)
I collect vaccine inserts in an effort to document the history of medicine, and although I don't yet have a measles vaccine insert, I do have one for a very popular and widely-used chickenpox vaccine.
Take a look at what you'll find in the Varivax chickenpox vaccine insert so that you can look for similar things on a measles vaccine insert:
Most vaccine inserts have a tear-away portion to be handed to a patient. Of course, there's only one tear-away portion even though most vaccine come in vials that contain 10 doses. Obviously, you can't hand out the same tear-away sheet to 10 people, which is part of the reason why nearly everyone who gets a vaccine never sees the vaccine insert in advance:
If anybody in the media ever uttered this, they would be immediately labeled an "anti-vaxxer!" But the Varivax vaccine insert openly states it doesn't protect everybody from chickenpox. It also admits the vaccine doesn't treat the infection once you already have it:
Where's the science behind the vaccine? In nearly microscopic small text, this vaccine insert admits, "No placebo-controlled study was carried out with VARIVAX using the current vaccine."
Here's something the mainstream media never tells you and most vaccine pushers will NEVER admit: The chickenpox vaccine can cause the spread of chickenpox. It's admitted right in the insert:
The next block of microscopic text in the vaccine insert warns that the vaccine should never be given to pregnant women. Is this vaccine still given to pregnant women anyway? Of course it is. In fact, vaccine pushers are now targeting pregnant women for all sorts of vaccines which can cause spontaneous abortions:
Every vaccine insert must list the adverse effects (negative side effects) which have been reported in clinical trials following vaccination.
For this Varivax insert, some of the adverse effects listed right in the insert include:
...nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, Guillain-Barre Syndrome, Bell's palsy, non-febrile seizures, paresthesia and many more.
Even though these are printed right in the vaccine insert, any person who dares mention these adverse effects publicly is aggressively condemned as being "anti-science." Yet the science irrefutably documents the fact that vaccines cause these things. The science, in other words, has already established that vaccines can cause severe neurological disorders:
The next warning on VARIVAX comes from an admission that if the vaccine is given to people who have weak immune systems, it may cause them serious disease:
In many vaccine inserts, you'll find a warning that admits a person who receives the vaccine can then go on to spread the disease they were just vaccinated against.
The vaccine itself, in other words, can sometimes spread the disease. As printed in the VARIVAX insert:
"Post-marketing experience suggests that transmission of vaccine virus may occur rarely between healthy individuals who develop a varicella-like rash and healthy susceptible contacts."
This is an admission that the chickenpox vaccine can infect a person with chickenpox who can then spread it to someone else:
Many vaccines are made with monosodium glutamate, the excitotoxin taste-enhancing chemical that destroys brain cells. It's also common to find vaccines formulated with mercury and aluminum.
For example, this Varivax insert openly states the vaccine is manufactured with:
sucrose, hydrolyzed gelatin, sodium chloride, monosodium glutamate, sodium phosphate, potassium phosphate, potassium chloride, neomycin (an antibiotic), EDTA and fetal bovine serum.
Here's a warning not to take aspirin after being vaccinated, along with yet another warning that taking the vaccine can cause you to spread chickenpox to someone else.
It states, in plain black and white: "It is rare, but possible, that once you have the vaccine, you could spread the chickenpox virus to others."
And this portion of the vaccine insert admits the chickenpox vaccine can give you shingles:
Additional side effects are disclosed here, and they include:
severe skin disorders, swelling of the brain, seizures, inflammation of the lungs... and so on.
Finally, here's another listing of the ingredients in the vaccine:
As you can see from the insert photos shown above, vaccines say all sorts of fascinating things on their legally required insert sheets that the media won't dare tell you.
In fact, vaccine pushers hope you never read the insert because they want to keep you in the dark about the side effects and toxic ingredients used in vaccines.
They also want you to be completely unaware that many vaccines can actually spread the disease they claim to prevent. Many measles outbreaks, it turns out, occur largely among children who were vaccinated against measles.
These are the truths about vaccines they don't want you to know. Rather than have the public be informed, they prefer to slap you in the face with twisted claims of "SCIENCE!" combined with the condemnation, intimidation and censorship of anyone who actually tries to point out what the vaccine insert says in black and white. Yes, reading the vaccine insert in public is enough to have you condemned by the vaccine pushers, even though what you are reading is documented by the vaccine manufacturer itself.
Truly, the vaccine industry today is so corrupt and dangerous that it goes to great lengths to make sure no one reads the information on the insert. Just like the biotech industry, the vaccine industry goes to great lengths to make sure consumers have no idea what they are being injected with or swallowing.
So if you're thinking about getting your child vaccinated against measles because of the Disneyland scare, I encourage you to bring a magnifying glass and go visit a pharmacy or doctor and ask for the measles vaccine insert. If you read it and you're perfectly happy with all the ingredients, side effects and risks associated with that vaccine, then make whatever choice you want, knowing that you've at least conducted some due diligence rather than just blindly injecting your child with toxic chemicals the same way all the obedient sheeple do.
Personally, I think injecting children with MSG, formaldehyde, mercury and aluminum is nothing more than medical child abuse. And it turns out many millions of people in America agree with that assessment. In fact, until the vaccine industry cleans up its act and removes the toxic ingredients from its vaccines, vaccine "compliance" will never be very high among the informed. 
About the author:Mike Adams (aka the "Health Ranger") is a best selling author (#1 best selling science book on Amazon.com) and a globally recognized scientific researcher in clean foods. He serves as the founding editor of NaturalNews.com and the lab science director of an internationally accredited (ISO 17025) analytical laboratory known as CWC Labs. There, he was awarded a Certificate of Excellence for achieving extremely high accuracy in the analysis of toxic elements in unknown water samples using ICP-MS instrumentation. Adams is also highly proficient in running liquid chromatography, ion chromatography and mass spectrometry time-of-flight analytical instrumentation. 
Adams is a person of color whose ancestors include Africans and Native American Indians. He's also of Native American heritage, which he credits as inspiring his "Health Ranger" passion for protecting life and nature against the destruction caused by chemicals, heavy metals and other forms of pollution. 
 Adams is the founder and publisher of the open source science journal Natural Science Journal, the author of numerous peer-reviewed science papers published by the journal, and the author of the world's first book that published ICP-MS heavy metals analysis results for foods, dietary supplements, pet food, spices and fast food. The book is entitled Food Forensics and is published by BenBella Books. 
 In his laboratory research, Adams has made numerous food safety breakthroughs such as revealing rice protein products imported from Asia to be contaminated with toxic heavy metals like lead, cadmium and tungsten. Adams was the first food science researcher to document high levels of tungsten in superfoods. He also discovered over 11 ppm lead in imported mangosteen powder, and led an industry-wide voluntary agreement to limit heavy metals in rice protein products. 
 In addition to his lab work, Adams is also the (non-paid) executive director of the non-profit Consumer Wellness Center (CWC), an organization that redirects 100% of its donations receipts to grant programs that teach children and women how to grow their own food or vastly improve their nutrition. Through the non-profit CWC, Adams also launched Nutrition Rescue, a program that donates essential vitamins to people in need. Click here to see some of the CWC success stories. 
 With a background in science and software technology, Adams is the original founder of the email newsletter technology company known as Arial Software. Using his technical experience combined with his love for natural health, Adams developed and deployed the content management system currently driving NaturalNews.com. He also engineered the high-level statistical algorithms that power SCIENCE.naturalnews.com, a massive research resource featuring over 10 million scientific studies. 
 Adams is well known for his incredibly popular consumer activism video blowing the lid on fake blueberries used throughout the food supply. He has also exposed "strange fibers" found in Chicken McNuggets, fake academic credentials of so-called health "gurus," dangerous "detox" products imported as battery acid and sold for oral consumption, fake acai berry scams, the California raw milk raids, the vaccine research fraud revealed by industry whistleblowers and many other topics.  
 Adams has also helped defend the rights of home gardeners and protect the medical freedom rights of parents. Adams is widely recognized to have made a remarkable global impact on issues like GMOs, vaccines, nutrition therapies, human consciousness. 
 In addition to his activism, Adams is an accomplished musician who has released over a dozen popular songs covering a variety of activism topics. 
 Click here to read a more detailed bio on Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, at HealthRanger.com. 
A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users.
